Do everything with enthusiasm
Look for ways to make ideas work – not for ways to shoot them down
Don’t make negative assumptions about each other
Help each other win – and take pride in other’s accomplishments
Maintain a positive attitude no matter what
Don’t lose faith
Act with initiative and courage – as if it all depends upon you
Help each other be right – not wrong.
When properly motivated, Engineers will do their best work without mean spirited threats.
If it requires an element of invention don't expect results to be accurately predicted.
Some engineers can make complex things look simple; others make simple things look complex.
Digital Design Engineers have little clocks in their heads; analog design engineers don't have a clock.
Strive to be an Engineer's Engineer.
Hire the brightest of them all, but be on the lookout for the clever ones, they are not always the academically the best.
Integrity and Trust are the essentials of leadership
Most engineers assume that they can solve any problem On Time and Within Budget.
A valuable attribute of an engineer is the ability to manage others.
To manage others, learn to multiplex tasks.  The most difficult aspect of managing people is people themselves.
Recognition for a person’s ideas and successful effort is a golden reward.
Don't be selfish with your ideas, share them with others.
Always hire people that are more intelligent than yourself.
Choose the positive thinkers, those with the can-do attitude.
To define a problem clearly will expedite the solution.
Make decisions and get on with the work.  Two meetings on any subject is one too many.
Memos to your boss should be condensed to one page with big type.
Meetings, meetings, meetings can be the death of a company.
Say what you believe, don't try to guess what the boss wants to hear.
To solve difficult problems, listen to all ideas no matter how unusual they may seem.
In Design there are always problems; some seem to take on a devil's personality to torture the designer. Be assured that all electronic problems will eventually be found using logic based upon the laws of physics.
Don't sweep a problem under the rug - it will reappear later.
If there is a technical problem don't threaten to fire the engineers.
Be alert to small changes injected into a product specification. They always have unintended consequences.If you interview someone for an engineering job and they say that they wished they had taken Drama instead don't hire that person.
Don't assign an Analog Engineer to a Digital design and likewise don't assign a Digital Design Engineer to an Analog task.
To move ahead in advanced products, you will need a little back room action to prove out the basic concepts.
If you are a manager of a group, be thinking about what is the next most advanced product when you finish the present tasks.  Ideally everything builds on everything else.
Don't wait until the last to get a power supply design.  It is never just a simple power supply.
Some of the best engineers are the most ornery.  Figure out how to use their personality traits to motivate them.
Teach  all of your engineers an understanding of profit and loss and why a company must make a profit. Why profit is essential for jobs,  and how cost of material in any product directly affects profit.
One engineer that knows what they are doing is worth more that ten thousand that don't.
If you are good,  you will be rewarded,  If not maybe not.
If someone is not performing first determine if they are right for the job. If they continue to under perform, then tell them to look for a better opportunity.  Even if that is difficult,  both of you will be better off.
It is better to seek forgiveness than to procrastinate.(Roger Cain)
It ain’t gonna work the first time (at least not yet in 40 years) .
Plan your projects with alternative paths to overcome unexpected things that don't work.
Make a list of things to do and work that list everyday.  Focus, Focus, Focus
Imagine yourself to be the customer and respond accordingly.
Good managers don't play politics.
It can't be done until someone else does it.
Anticipate all the ways that something can go wrong – then think through how to ensure that none of them happen.
Always remember that customers pay our salaries.
We’re not in the business of making communications products – we’re in the business of making people happy by supplying them what they need.
Working an engineer 80 hours a week for weeks on end will lead to job dissatisfaction and burn-out.  Balance is essential.
Few people ever get fired for being incompetent – most get fired for failing to get along with others.
Have Fun!
